feat(highlight)!: error on invalid names and allow '.' and '@' (#19830)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/vim_diff.txt

  using |n| or |N|
  |hl-CursorLine| is low-priority unless foreground color is set
  |hl-VertSplit| superseded by |hl-WinSeparator|
  It is an error to define a highlight group with a name that doesn't match

>   the regexp `[a-zA-Z0-9_.@]*` (see |group-name|).

Reviewer: Should we also mention that we allow "." and "@"?

Reviewer 2: You mean, state explicitly how our regex is more liberal than Vim's? Yes, that's a good idea.

  using |n| or |N|
  |hl-CursorLine| is low-priority unless foreground color is set
  |hl-VertSplit| superseded by |hl-WinSeparator|

>   Highlight groups names are explicitly allowed the characters `.` and `@`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Highlight groups names are allowed to contain the characters `.` and `@`.
```
